[SEO 14] Fix links to avoid redirects (#225)
KnapsackPro/docs.knapsackpro.com: _posts/2021-04-26-estimate-database-connections-pool-size-for-rails-application.md

You need to have a pool size of at least 10 in `config/database.yml` because Sidekiq by default, uses 10 threads.

> If you use a pool size lower than 10 then Sidekiq threads will be fighting for access to limited connections in the pool. It could be fine for some time, but you should be aware that this can increase your job's processing time because not all Sidekiq threads will use DB connections in parallel. It can also lead to [a problem described here](https://github.com/sidekiq/sidekiq/wiki/Problems-and-Troubleshooting#cannot-get-database-connection-within-500-seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a pool size smaller than 10, Sidekiq threads will contend the access to the limited connections in the pool. It may work out fine, but be aware this can increase your job's processing time. It can also lead to [this problem](https://github.com/sidekiq/sidekiq/wiki/Problems-and-Troubleshooting#cannot-get-database-connection-within-500-seconds).
```

2 servers (dynos) X 1 Sidekiq process X 10 Sidekiq threads = 2 servers (dynos) X 1 Sidekiq process X (10 + 5) = 30 Redis connections required.

> More in [Sidekiq docs](https://github.com/sidekiq/sidekiq/wiki/Using-Redis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More on the [Sidekiq docs](https://github.com/sidekiq/sidekiq/wiki/Using-Redis).
```
